Idea for Stat team final project

Inventory data for manufacturing

Review 1000+ inventory items based on the following criteria:
1. Items must have at least 12 months of transaction history (no new parts)
2. Items will be stored in multiple manufacturing facilities
3. Items will be purchased from multiple suppliers

Response variable: Dollars on hand in current inventory

The following data will be provided
1. Item number
2. Supplier
3. Inventory Level at snapshot in quantity
4. Minimum Order Quantity
5. Box quantity or Lot size
6. Frequency of shipment from supplier (1x per week, 5x per week, etc)
7. Buyer/Planner
8. Item lead time from Supplier
9. Supplier On-time Delivery rate
10. Item Safety Stock level
11. Item cost
12. Annual usage or average daily/weekly usage

Key Question:
1. Can you build a multiple regression analysis that would include factor(s) are most important to inventory dollars on hand?

Answer the following questions:
1. Based on a multiple regression analysis, which factor(s) are most important to inventory dollars on hand?
2. How much impact does a change (up or down) in the item lead time from the supplier have on inventory dollars on hand?
3. Example, for a 1 day increase/decrease in lead time, there is a xx% increase/decrease in inventory dollars on hand, assuming all other variables are constant.
4. How much impact does a change (up or down) in the item minimum order quantity from the supplier have on inventory dollars on hand?
5. How much impact does a change (up or down) in the item box or lot size quantity from the supplier have on inventory dollars on hand?

Build a prediction model that answers the following question (if applicable):
If a new item is going to be added to the production plan, what would be the expected inventory dollars on hand assuming the following attributes:
1. Lead time is 10 days
2. Item cost is $12
3. Minimum Order Quantity is 1000
4. Annual usage is expected to be 250,000
5. Box quantity is 500
6. Safety stock level is equal to 3 days' usage
7. Supplier delivery rate is 98% on time
8. Supplier ships on 1 day each week
9. Site is equal to SITE1
10. Buyer/Planner is BUYER11
